[Music]
six riddles that only 2% extraordinary
thinkers can solve when we find
ourselves in unexpected situations it's
hard to know what to do right off the
bat do you think you can get yourself
out of any challenge possible no matter
how strange it might be this guy
certainly knows what it takes his name
is Charles and he's quite an
extraordinary individual he's overcome
tons of obstacles and pulled through a
lot of difficult situations throughout
his life do you have the same sharp wits
as our friend Charles here let's see
riddle number one
Charles was an exceptionally bright kid
but for some reason his teachers always
assigned him the most impossible tasks
in school perhaps they wanted to nurture
his intellect or maybe he just wasn't
their favorite student anyway here's one
of the brain Buster's that they gave him
can you correct this flawed equation
without changing the numbers or their
position in the equation you have 15
seconds to do it
[Music]
have you already figured out the answer
it's way easier than you think
just flip the chalkboard upside down and
voila all the numbers add up way to
think outside the box right or outside
the board I don't know riddle number two
as a teen Charles always loved hiking in
the woods by himself one day on one of
these hikes he accidentally fell down a
100 foot deep well to get out of this
watery trap he climbed 10 feet every
single day but while he was sleeping at
night he slid back down six feet
Charles eventually made it out of that
well the question is how many days did
it take him to pull off such a feat
times ticking
[Music]
it took Charles 24 days to get out of
the well don't worry he had a backpack
with some food and drinks so hunger
wasn't an issue
he gained 10 feet a day but by the
morning of the next day he had lost six
on the morning of the 24th day he was 96
feet up with just four more feet to
climb on day 24 he easily made it out
before the Sun went down ow
my brain riddle number three when
Charles was 20 his friends decided to
prank him
they kidnapped him stripped his clothes
off and left him in a room with no
windows a solid concrete floor and a
locked door sheesh is this a prank or a
crime anyway on one of the walls Charles
found a note that said in order to
escape he needed to get the ping-pong
ball okay cryptic the problem was that
the ping-pong ball was lying at the
bottom of a 3-foot pipe sticking out of
the floor in the middle of the room his
arms couldn't reach the bottom of the
pipe and there were no objects around
that he could use either yep our brainy
friends still managed to complete the
task how did he do it you have some time
to think things through
[Music]
[Applause]
well that was a tough one wasn't it with
limited options
Charles cleverly decided to pee into the
pipe that way the ball would float up
enough for him to reach it and grab it I
just hope he washed his hands after that
riddle number four with intelligence
like his Charles became a successful and
wealthy man but there was still
something missing in his life and that
something ended up being true love but
he met his soulmate a woman named Irene
and the lovebirds soon got married
unfortunately it turns out that Irene
was a conniving gold digger
she decided to try and poison her
husband in order to get all his riches
Charles knew about her scheme so he only
ate the same food that she did one day
she offered him an apple but he said
he'd only eat it if she cut it down the
middle and split it with him so she did
but Charles shortly afterwards dropped
to the ground while Irene stood there
perfectly healthy
fortunately Charles survived and Irene
was arrested and sent to prison for this
murderous attempt so that begs the
question how could she poison her
husband when she ate the same exact
Apple and didn't take any sort of
antidote beforehand your 15 seconds
starts now
[Music]
like we said Charles knew his wife was
trying to poison him so he'd been taking
a universal antidote every morning
this poison though turned out to be
extremely strong and that's why he just
ended up in a deep sleep
and when it comes to Irene she simply
poisoned one side of the knife so while
she was cutting the Apple the poison
from the knife ended up on Charles's
half and not hers now that's a femme
fatale riddle number five Charles made
his fortune as a famous chemist and
pharmacist he even created a cure for
one of the most fatal diseases out there
his co-workers Alex Nikola Michael and
James all envied his talent and success
and each one was ready to kill him in
order to steal the formula for this
revolutionary cure poor guy everyone
wants to waste him one evening as
Charles was finishing up some work in
the lab one of his colleagues walked in
and stabbed him in the stomach
Charles recognized the person and knew
he had to leave a hint for the police in
case he didn't survive so he quickly
grabbed a piece of paper and wrote down
the numbers 28 27 57 shortly afterwards
he passed out from blood loss and
probably would have died if one of the
security guards had not found him and
called an ambulance
Charles managed to survive but his fate
would have it he had hit his head pretty
hard on the floor when he fell
unconscious the blow put Charles in a
coma so the police only had his note to
help them find out who had tried to kill
him obviously the suspects were the four
co-workers since they were all in the
lab that day and each one had a motive
so which one was it
Alex Nicola Michael or James let's put
15 seconds on the clock
[Music]
the thing you have to remember is that
Charles was an esteemed chemist the
numbers that he wrote down to help
police come from the periodic table of
elements number 28 is nickel which gives
you an AI number 27 is cobalt
abbreviated as Co and finally the 57th
element is lanthanum which is la put
them together and you get the name of
Charles's attacker Nikola riddle number
six Charles wasn't just a genius he was
like something straight out of an action
movie because he managed to cheat death
yet again and woke up from his coma
after the trial
eventually he grew old retired and
decided to spend the rest of his life in
a cozy little cottage outside the city
Charles never left his house he got his
letters from the mailman his groceries
were delivered to him by another guy and
a different man brought him his daily
newspaper one Friday the mailman came to
give Charles his letters and found him
dead in his kitchen he immediately
called 911 vestigators could tell from
the get-go that this was a murder
so they carefully examined the crime
scene they found a couple bottles of
milk a loaf of bread some pills
keys and Tuesday's newspaper on the
table the only people that had contact
with Charles were the mailman the food
delivery guy and the newspaper delivery
so they soon became the primary suspects
do you know who killed poor Charles get
to thinking detective
[Music]
it was the newspaper delivery guy that
took Charles's life maybe you caught the
fact that only Tuesday's newspaper was
lying on the table the newspaper guy
didn't bother bringing Wednesdays or
Thursdays paper because he knew Charles
was dead and that's because he killed
him poor Charles poor poor Charles the
guy lived a heck of a life wouldn't you
say how many of these challenges did you
manage to crack tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to share this
video with your friends and family to
find out how many of these riddles
they'll be able to solve stay on the
bright side of life and we'll see you
soon
you